# Steam Backup List Generator 

Steam Backup List Generator or SBLG is an open source program designed to generate a table with a list 
of all your steam backup games and associated folders.

The reason SBLG was created because when backing up multiple game files, searching though multiple 
folders can be time consuming unorginized. So SBLG fixes this issue by generating a PDF directly in your
directory where you keep your backup files, to give you a quick view to find what game you want to restore.


Also SBLG is completely open source so you know exactly what is in it. checkout the github here.
https://github.com/raulthedeveloper/steam_backup_list_generator

Currently SBLG is only compatable with windows. In the future a linux and mac version will be released.

If you have any question, concerns or bugs please email me at raul0882@gmail.com

For bugs please send screenshots and description.

## Download Executable
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hO4fG5kKn91D26kRWsujIElhYmdgSzlQ/view?usp=sharing

## Instructions

1. Place program directory directly in folder containing your steam backup folder (folder must be created
using steams backup assistant)


2. Find the .exe file in the program directory and use that to launch the program. It will be typically be 
name "main.exe". Double click the .exe file and the SBLG should generate a PDF and launch it right away.

 &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ***If program doesn't do anything, remove unnecessary files, and directories that aren't related
 to the backup directories generated by SBLG.***

3. Create a shortcut of the .exe file and place it on your desktop by right clicking on it and selecting create
shortcut. Then drag and drop the short cut onto your desktop.


